{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green85\blue204;\red68\green68\blue68;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\vieww12240\viewh15440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\f0\fs22 \cf0 I went through the online tutorial again as some helpful types had pointed out some little corrections that make the experience much smoother, so have incorporated these into this. Will be worth linking, perhaps, to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pi-point.co.uk"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.pi-point.co.uk}} as well, as there\'92s SD card images available there, too!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb480\sa120

\b\fs36 \cf0 Configuring your Pi \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf0 \uc0\u9679 	
\i0 Probably as well to suggest the user disables running the desktop at startup: 
\b (
\f1 \cf3 you'll likely want to at least change your memory split to 16 and turn off \'91Start desktop on boot?\'92 which you\'92ll not be needing)
\f2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \uc0\u9679 	
\i0 \'91Using sudo passwd\'92 is a command 
\i sudo passwd
\i0 , perhaps put it in a box? I didn\'92t but you might want to for clarity!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb480\sa120
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf0 Installing the necessary software packages\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u9679 	Right at the end of this section it could be useful to change \'91
\f1 \cf3 If not you're out of luck with your particular dongle\'92 to 
\i If not you're out of luck with your particular dongle, so if you have another Linux machine handy you may want to plug the dongle into that and check it with \'91iw list\'92 before you start!
\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb480\sa120
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf0 Configuring the access point\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u9679 	Right at the end of the section the user needs to know to restart the service, change to ...
\f1\i \cf3 end of any lines! Restart the hostapd service with 
\b service hostapd restart
\b0 . All being well...
\i0  The bit in bold being a command so should go into a blue box.
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb480\sa120
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Configure the network\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u9679 	This tip may also interest users, just after setting the forwarding on with \'91echo 1...\'92: 
\f1\i \cf3 N.B. you can also permanently set the ip_forward value as a one-off in /etc/sysctl.conf by uncommenting the appropriate line which
\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\uc0\u9679 	Just after the iptables blue box I have a grammar error! 
\f1\i \cf3 You should now have a working Pi-Point which will allow users to connect wirelessly and use the internet via your internet connection!
\i0  The word 
\b users
\b0  should be plural!
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb480\sa120
\ls4\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf0 Making sure it reboots as a working access point\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u9679 	Before the bit about addign the script to the startup process, it need to be made executable! 
\f1\i \cf3 Next make the script executable with 
\b chmod +x /etc/init.d/pipoint 
\i0\b0   Again the bold bit is a command for a blue box.
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \
\
\
With any luck the extra blue boxes and the raspi-config scrshot(s) will fluff up a bit of space at the end of the article. Plus perhaps a short bio thing...?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls5\ilvl0
\i \cf0 Guy Eastwood is a web development professional (most of the time) these days and Open Source advocate, having cut his teeth on pretty much everything from ZX81 BASIC to Sharc Assembler DSP audio plugins for sound cards. He fills spare time mucking about with Android stuff, Raspberry Pi configurations, Playstation3 and doing as he\'92s told (promptly) by his culinary genius wife.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls5\ilvl0
\i0 \cf0 Could also add a \'91further suggestion\'92 for the Pi-Point...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls5\ilvl0
\i\b \cf0 Where next?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 You could try installing SQUID proxy to reduce bandwidth from wifi users across your network or even use a Pi-Point in place of buying a wifi router to create a private gaming network unconnected to your main LAN which game players (e.g. Minecraft) could connect to as an isolated wireless network.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls5\ilvl0
\i0 \cf0 \
Anyway, I hope that\'92s enough blurb and little fixes to fill the gap! Let me know if you need more of something :o)\
\
Best,\
Guy\
}